---
layout: post
title: Backup
description: This is a backup template for usage
headline:
modified: 2015-05-04
category: jekyll
tags: [jekyll, backup, template]
imagefeature: heart-love.jpg
chart: true
comment: true
share: true
mathjax: ture
featured: true
---

Hello, everybody! This a Backup file for the usage of this theme for jekyll[^1]. Have fun coding!

<section id="table-of-contents" class="toc">
  <header>
    <h3 >Contents</h3>
  </header>
<div id="drawer" markdown="1">
*  Auto generated table of contents
{:toc}
</div>
</section><!-- /#table-of-contents -->

# Heading 1

## Heading 2

### Heading 3

#### Heading 4

##### Heading 5

###### Heading 6


## Body text

This is normal text.

*This is emphasized.*

**This is strong.**

Water is H<sub>2</sub>O.

<u>This is underline.</u>

The New York Times <cite>(That's a citation)</cite>

This is [my blog](http://wangjiezhe.github.io), and this is [this site]({{ site.url }}).

<div class="span7 text-center" markdown="0"><a href="https://github.com/hmfaysal/hmfaysal-omega-theme/archive/master.zip" class="btn btn-success btn-large"><i class="icon-download-alt"></i> Download the Theme</a></div>
<br />

**P.N.** This is a notice.
{: .notice}


## Math

Pythagoras Theorem: $a^2 + b^2 = c^2$.

Fermat Last Theorem: \\(a^n + b^n = c^n\\)

Theorem:
\\[\lim_{x \to 0} \frac{\sin x}{x} = 1\\]

Theorem:
\\[
\lim_{n \to \infty} (1 + \frac{1}{n})^n = e
\\]


Wilson's Theorem: A natural number $n$ is a prime iff

$$(n-1)! \equiv -1 \pmod{n}$$

Euler Identity:
\\[
\sum_{n = 1}^{\infty} \frac{1}{n^s} = \prod_{p} \left( 1 - \frac{1}{p^s} \right) ^{-1}, \hbox{when $s > 1$}
\\]

Equation:
\begin{equation}
E = mc^2
\label{eq:1}
\end{equation}

\begin{align}
E = mc^2\\\
\vec F = m \vec a\tag{x}
\end{align}

---

## Blockquotes

> For verbatim


## List types

### Ordered lists

1. Item one
	1. Sub item one
	2. Sub item two
2. Item two


### Unordered lists

* Item one
* Item two
* Item three


## Tables

<div class="row">
    <div class="large-12 columns">
        <table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th width="200">Table Header</th>
      <th>Table Header</th>
      <th width="150">Table Header</th>
      <th width="150">Table Header</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
      <td>This is longer content Donec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus.</td>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
      <td>This is longer Content Goes Here Donec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus.</td>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
      <td>This is longer Content Goes Here Donec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus.</td>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
      <td>Content Goes Here</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
    </div>
</div>


## Code

{% highlight css %}
#container {
  float: left;
  margin: 0 -240px 0 0;
  width: 100%;
}
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight python %}
import os, sys
print(sys.version_info)
os.listdir('.')
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight bash %}
$ sudo dnf upgrade -y
$ sudo -H pip upgrade -U pip
{% endhighlight %}

`:[range]g[lobal]/{pattern}/cmd`{: style="color: green"}


## Buttons

<a href="#" class="button">Default Button</a>


# Columns

<div class="row">
	<div class="small-12 medium-6 columns">
		<p>Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation, conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.</p>
		<p>Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great battlefield of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this.</p>
	</div>
	<div class="small-12 medium-6 columns">
		<p>But, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate, we can not consecrate, we can not hallow this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detract. The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us—that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion—that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain—that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom—and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.</p>
	</div>
</div>





[^1]: Site: <http://jekyllrb.com>
